git init: Command to make a new repository
git status: command to get information about repository

What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
A file named .git is made in the curent direcory. There are no files yet
 in the repository, you have to make the first commmit yourself.

In git there is staging area to which you add all files youo want to 
put in one commit. 

git add: adds files to the staging area

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area keeps all the files you want to keep together in one 
commit. In the working directory are all files.

git diff compares working directory with staging area.
git diff --staged compares staging area with latest commit in repository
git diff commit1 commit2 compares commit1 with commit2

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per 
logical change?
You can add all files you need to staging area.

git branch shows which branches there are
git branch easy-mode creates a branch called easy-mode
to go to the branch use git checkout.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your
 history organized? How would branches help?
If more than 1 person are working on different parts of a file. When
you want to try something , but also want to keep working on the master.

git log --graph --oneline master easy-mode shows a graph of commits of
branches master and easy-mode

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
The diagrams show the relations between the commits  and branches.

git merge master coins merges branch coins into master. First checkout 
to master.

git show commit-id shows the differences between a commit and its parent

git branch -d coins deletes the label coins of the old branch. The 
commits stay visible

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we 
represent it in the diagram the way we do?
All the commits of both branches are now reachable. FIles are merged.
In the diagram it is showed as if the two branches are combined.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing 
merges manually?
Pro: it saves a lot of work. Con: maybe can merge too much.